⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ WEB WITH AMAN ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

🟢 Language ➡ C
🟢 Topic ➡ Decision Control Instructions


01. WAP to check whether a given number is an even number or an odd.

02. WAP to check whether a given number is an even number or an odd
    number without using % operator.

03. WAP to check whether a given number is divisible by 5 or not.

04. WAP to check whether a given number is positive or non-positive.

05. WAP to check whether a given number is a three-digit number or not.

06. WAP to print greater between two numbers.Print one number of both if both are
    the same.

07. WAP to print greater among three numbers.Print one number of among if two or  all are the same.

08. WAP to check whether a given year is a leap year or not.

09. WAP which takes the cost price and selling price of a product from the
    user. Now calculate and print profit or loss percentage.

10. WAP to input an alphabet from user and check whether the given alphabet is in uppercase or in lowercase.

11. WAP to take marks of 5 subjects from the user. Assume marks are given out of 100 and passing marks is 33. Now display whether the candidate passed the examination or failed.

12. WAP to take an alphabet from user and check whether the given alphabet is a vowel or a consonant.

13. WAP to check whether a given number is divisible by 3 and divisible by 2.

14. WAP to check whether a given number is divisible by 7 or divisible by 3.

15. WAP to check whether a given number is positive, negative or zero.

16. WAP to check whether a given character is an alphabet (uppercase), an
alphabet (lower case), a digit or a special character.

17. WAP which takes the length of the sides of a triangle as an input. Display
whether the triangle is valid or not.

18. WAP which takes the month number as an input and display number of
days in that month.

19. WAP check whether roots of a given quadratic equation are real &
distinct, real & equal or imaginary roots.

20. WAP to input two dates from user then print which of the entered date is greater or print same if both are equal.